feat(inputs.modbus): Optimise grouped requests (#11106)
influxdata/telegraf: plugins/inputs/modbus/README.md

#### omitting a field

When specifying `omit=true`, the corresponding field will be ignored when collecting the metric but is taken into account when constructing the modbus requests. This way, you can fill "holes" in the addresses to construct consecutive address ranges resulting in a single request. Using a single modbus request can be beneficial as the values are all collected at the same point in time.

> If your device can produce many fields, you can list all of them as `omit=false` (except of course the ones you are actually interested in) and let telegraf find the optimal number of requests needed.

Author: This was in a previous version and is not in the current one of the PR.

__Please note:__ This optimization might take long in case of many
non-consecutive, non-omitted fields!

addresses are filled automatically. This usually reduces the number of
requests, but will increase the number of registers read due to larger requests.
This algorithm might be usefull if you only want to specify the fields you are
interested in but want to minimize the number of requests sent to the device.
Requests are processed similar to `rearrange` but user-defined gaps in the
field addresses are filled automatically.

__Please note:__ This optimization might take long in case of many
non-consecutive, non-ommitted fields!

##### `max_insert`

> With this optimization, user defined omitted fields are ignored, which
> allows composing shorter configuration files in the case of devices with
> many available registers. Every request is built considering the cost of
> adding a new register (including the gap between this one and the previous
> one of the request) compared to the cost of creating a new request.
> 
> __Please note:__ The optimal value for `max_extra_registers` will depend
> on the network and the queried device. It is hence recommended to test
> several values and assess performance in order to find the best value.
> When running telegraf with the `--debug` flag, you can check the number
> of requests and the number of touched registers that your configuration
> results to.
> You can use the following strategy to find the most suitable value of
> `max_extra_registers` for your setup:
> 
> 1. use the `--test --debug` flags to identify a list of
> `max_extra_registers` values leading to unique number of requests
> 2. set the acquisition interval to a very low value (_e.g._ 10ms)
> 3. acquire the data for 5min with each value of `max_extra_registers`
> 4. check the actually recorded data period, for instance in influx call
>     `SELECT MEAN(dt) FROM (SELECT ELAPSED(<oneSignaName>,1ms) AS dt FROM <MeasurementName>)`
> 5. select the `max_extra_registers` that gives the lowest actually
>     recorded data period
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fields are assigned to the same request as long as the hole between the fields
do not exceed the maximum fill size given in `optimization_max_register_fill`.
User-defined omitted fields are ignored and interpreted as holes, so the best
practice is to not manually insert omitted fields for this optimizer. This allows
to specify only actually used fields and let the optimizer figure out the request
organization which can dramatically improve query time. The trade-off here
is between the cost of reading additional registers trashed later and the cost
of many requests.

__Please note:__ The optimal value for `optimization_max_register_fill` depends
on the network and the queried device. It is hence recommended to test
several values and assess performance in order to find the best value.
```
